DBZ-6801 Introduce JDBC sink option `dialect.sqlserver.identity.insert` (#4783)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/jdbc.adoc

|Specifies the schema name where the PostgreSQL PostGIS extension is installed.
The default is `public`; however, if the PostGIS extension was installed in another schema, this property should be used to specify the alternate schema name.

|[[jdbc-property-dialect-sqlserver-identity-insert]]<<jdbc-property-dialect-sqlserver-identity-insert, `+dialect.sqlserver.identity.insert+`>>
|`false`

> |Specifies whether the connector automatically enables identity inserts before an _insert_ or _upsert_ operation and is disabled immediately afterward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies whether the connector automatically sets an `IDENTITY_INSERT` before an `INSERT` or `UPSERT` operation into the identity column of SQL Server tables , and then unsets it immediately after the operation.
```

Reviewer: The convention in the SQL Server documentation seems to be to capitalize SQL commands, so I followed that model.

> The default is `false`, meaning an insert or upsert into a SQL Server table that has an `IDENTITY` column throws a SQL exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the default setting (`false`) is in effect, an `INSERT` or `UPSERT` operation into the `IDENTITY` column of a table results in a SQL exception.
```
